
As a student , we **are supposed to** concentrate on study.



Currently,Enya's success **contributes to** people's interest about Celtic music.

空气污染的原因

###Actually , most developed countries have suffered from air pollution .But today  the situation of developing countries and less developed  countries is horrendous. In my opinion ,essentially saying, there are several prime reasons contribute to air pollution. Such as burning of fossil fuel , shortage of water, deforestation,and overpopulation.

###In order  to contain a bigger population, we have to expand the cities. Only by cutting more forest can we get more space for more buildings. This will cause the problem of soil erosion and the losing of groundwater.Thereafter ,the bigger population need more water and fuel .This will intensify the shortage of water.As we know, burning fossil fuel will rise levels of greenhouse gases .But we still can not stop using fossil fuel. Unless we find something better but cheaper.

###Historically, for developed countries, solving this problem just seems to be a matter of time .I agree with it. In the past decades,humans make big progress in science, it will help us to solve problem sooner than ever before.

20161118 口音有明显的土腥味，初步判断是元音不够饱满，鼻音不够浓郁。


201601121

I heard of that the new edition of RMB will be published next month.

It upset me that my roommate always borrowing things from me without returning.


Almanack /'ɔlmənæk/ 历书，年历
Poor  /pɔr/
###**My favorite book**

###So far,my favourite book is《Poor Charlie's Almanac》,by Charlie Thomas Munger. I've already read it for 3 times. In fact, only a small part of the content was written for this book, most  of the book is constituted by Chalie's speech and some essays he once published on magazines and newspapers.

###There is too many books can give you some advice, tell you some stories, let you know something. But this book enlightened me. For the first time I realized that  most of us never considered the way we thought and  our mind is limited by physical structure.It sparked my interest in psychology and cognitive science. As one of the most wealthy people,Charlie also taught me something about how to get a  better and richer life,he did talk about some principle,that's really provided a big guidance of my daily behavior.Another reason is  too much punch line can be found in this book. Such as "*when you mix up a pile of shit and some raisins,you still get shit,not anything else.*"I like this though it might be a little bit indelicate.

###In my opinion,if all the words of a book completely "agree" with you,it may not be worth to read.《Poor Charlie's Almanac》changed me a lot ,so that 's why dose it become my favorite book.


1126
你想在哪儿度蜜月

Last night , the only pity of my birthday party  was that my best friend Stella didn't come.

Undoubtedly ,the decision made by school will entail huge risk.

I would go a place near the sea and the weather there always be sunny.The reasons are very simple.

The place I am living is landlocked, and I've lived here for many years.Here the weather is always  cloudy, so it frequently makes me feel depressive.

I really like sunshine ,and sunny weather can make me feel better and happier.If our honeymoon could be taken in a sunny place with the sea nearby, we would have a nice vacation.

With another reason I come up is that we could take better photos because we would get a better light and  use the blue sea as background.

That 's why I want to enjoy my honeymoon in a sunny place which near the sea.

1127


According to the regulation made by school, delay of books borrowed from library need  to pay extra money.

Dark circle shows that you didn't have a good rest last night.

谈你喜欢的一种昆虫

To tell the truth, I don't like any insects, because they make me uncomfortable.

If I must choose one, I might choose cicada, because I was interested in its molt——both the process of molt and the remaining husk. Some reptiles and insects have a behavior of molt, I think that is a fantastic process. But what cicada makes a difference is that its husk is so complete, it looks like a real cicada . Every summer I made many mistakes when I was trying to discover them.  The husk keeps the shape, the legs , even the texture.That is lifelike.  The other reason is that the husk is semi-transparent .If you put it beyond a light source ,it would present a shiny scene,that's a rare character. So that's why I choose cicada.

---

2016.12.11
ticket evader

In our country, the tickets system of public transportation is not based on honor,but it is really cheap and convenient.So I think there just be few ticket evader. If I met an evader,I may ignore.I believe most people will not be an evader for a cheap price ,and the money they don't pay would damage little to the system. But some people think that  we should punish them, I think we needn't to do this on purpose. Firstly, the behavior of punishment may cause some conflict and make other passengers uncomfortable.On the other hand, compare to the loss of tickets, the behavior of punishment may cost more.That means , in order to do right thing, we lose more. I know many people would say, it's dishonest to do this .But considering the profit of the whole society ,I would make this choice.

2016 1221
Yes, I do think so.
To me, success means I have enough money to pay for my daily life ,and also I have a valuable and high-salary job. As the increasing of my age,I feel more and more strongly that one person's success has a strongly relation with its family. The most important thing is that a rich family can give you a good education.This education not just about school ,it also about what you can learn in your non-school time.A child from rich family can go to more places and touch more people, this can really broaden its sight.What's more , when it grows up, it will have more bravery to try different jobs ,not to worry about money, this means compare to poor family's child, it will have more chances to find the work it really love.
However, all I said doesn't mean that children from poor family can not be successful. The truth is rich family has more advantages.And these advantages is cumulative, it's hard to catch up, because time can not go back.

---

2017 0104
Insteading of going to some landscape tourist sites，I prefer to some metropolitans, such as NewYork.
For me , various people and culture are more attractive than natural seceneries.The city like NewYork is full of different people and culture, also much advanced technologies. What's more, I hope to live there for several months ,not just visit there for days. I can feel the details of this city ,watching how people work there, talking with different people. Everything would be so fresh to me, I can even feel the excitement right now. Actually in our country, because of some reasons, we young people can not know the outside world very well. But I know how it important for us to know the real world. Undoubtedly, NewYork is the best choice.
So , that's why I want to go to NewYork.

---


2017 0124
public welfare

Many celebrities like Angelina Jolie are enthusiastic on public welfare. Why do they do this?
I think there may be two considerable reasons.
First, as celebrities , they have powerful influence. Their efforts are more probable to change something. And it's honorable for them to do some positive favour about public welfare. Compare to ordinary people, celebrities are more easy to help others.
Second, these positive efforts can improve publics' impression to them, knowing they are not only people who are rich and own superior lives, but also they are kind-hearted and well-meaning. Their career will benefit from their efforts of public welfare.
Doing one thing but get twice benefit, why don't they do it.

---

2017 1026
The past one year, two things changed greatly for me, one is about my body, the other is about my mind.
First, I read many books, approximate to 50. Since I don't have a job, these books accompanied me and encouraged me. Meeting a excellent book seems to making a good friend. Though the authors are not biside me, I can also get great ideas and suggestions from them. Meanwhile, when I read a lot, I gradually know how to identify the quality of books.
The second thing, I lost 10 pounds weight, without being a dieter or extra sport. The only thing I've done was change my nutritional structure—— cut senventy percent carbohydrate, ate more meat, more oil and more vegetables. This method may looks crazy and against the mainstream about healthy diet, but absolutely, it do works.
That's the two things.
